This was it.
The core.
Another job done well.
Leading.
Complete.
A kill for something sweet.
Hooray.
Yes, the type you'd forget.
So don't waste your time.
Yeah, chicken and cream.
I got no shame.
Go insane.
Somebody's gotta pay.
While I live with the pain.
Lock me now.
I'm on you.
Can't say my.
Taste of death.
I'm a genius.
So you're dead here.
Because flowers bloom where my feelings are.
Let's riot.
Get back.
Get dressed.
Let's cross cross.
Let's cross cross cross,
Let's cross the grass.
inaudible
éner
enforcer
no
Hmm. Well, now I'm annoyed we didn't get here sooner.
They built themselves a giant trash beast to fly to the sphere.
Sounds like a twisted children's tale.
Those dirty, rotten raiders!
I'd heard they were no good but creating trash beasts!
That's a declaration of war!
No cleaner alive or dead is gonna stand for that!
Though our immediate concern should be how they're making these beasts.
And how many of them they have.
He explained all that!
The raider boss guy.
He was trying to make an entry into this Watchmen series,
but he failed and made some imitation trash beasts.
Hey, Gita? You're showing skin right now.
He was weirdly obsessed with it.
Like, if you got all the Watchmen series together, it'll grant your wish or something.
Oh, that's cool.
I'd wish to turn back time so I could go full kaiju on that trash beast.
He's trying to add to the Watchmen series.
So the mystery deepens.
We'll have to keep a close eye on raider activities moving forward.
I suspect this is the first of many failures we'll need to clean up.
Can we please save the heavy thinking until I've got some sugar in me?
Oh, this crap.
It's not going anywhere.
So let's just sit for a second.
And enjoy feeling safe.
Thanks for watching!
My arm!
My hands!
You broke it in a hundred places, you monster!
It's your fault!
You know how much this is gonna cost!
So what are you gonna do about that?
If you're looking for a referral, try the Alice Clinic next town over.
She'll fix that rotten brain of yours right up.
Can't fix your acting, though.
Now, if you would kindly get out of the damn room!
Please and thank you!
So, where are the sunglasses?
What was that?
You're lucky you didn't actually hit that scammy punk!
Take some lessons with Gris before you kill somebody!
Not happening.
Gris drives like a lullaby.
He puts us all to sleep.
Remember when we got home two days ago?
Everyone in Gris' house...
...was out.
Sup, Ruto?
Kudos for staying awake with him driving.
Thanks.
So, about the sunglasses...
Is that why you're always blasting the music, or do you just like people screaming at you?
No, I love it!
It's just like having another you!
Could you guys stop yelling?
Okay, cool.
I guess we're just not answering that question.
I have more stuff to do.
I've got to
and more clothes.
Hahahaha!
Haha!
guys have up in the sphere. Hey, ow! What's up with that? Is it super cold all the time or what?
Hey, are you ignoring me because you're a cleaner now and that's how every cleaner likes to deal
with me? Are you good? Superb! Cool, then no. He's not ignoring you. He's just too nervous to make
small talk right now. He's new to the whole visiting the sick and injured thing. Flowers?
Flowers. That's what you give to someone who's recovering. I'm pretty sure, but we didn't do it
for Gris, so I thought I'd ask. You guys bring flowers to sick people on the sphere? Damn.
Down here, flowers are extremely rare and valuable. They're about as difficult to buy
as they are to grow. I figured as much. It must have been hard to grow the ones you already have,
especially since they were for his wife.
I'm sorry, but I can't give you any from my garden. Huh? No, I... forget it. I shouldn't have asked.
Oh, hush! What? I think bringing flowers to the wounded sounds like an amazing idea!
We should totally do that! In fact, I know of a shop that sells excellent artificial flowers!
Let's go and purchase some! Sounds fun. I'll drive. Huh? We're heading out anyway.
Need to hit up Al.
What about back up at безопас?
And smelled and struck byyes.
Will be interesting.
Aah!
It's here.
It's fine...
It's all good now.
What do you mean all good?
Tell us!
couldn't get all the poison out of his system. We don't know what kind of poison Jabber used.
Could be an all-natural nastiness. Or it could be some crap he cooked up,
and the cure for one could make the other worse. So Ashes had her work cut out for her.
Well, I'm just glad it wasn't bad enough to be fatal. It does make Jabber seem worse using
something he knew wasn't deadly. But man, Zonko was the only one that got banged up.
That's really gotta mess with your head. I should have actually thought this through
instead of just showing up. Huh? What are you talking about?
Hm? Wait! No! Stop! I'll just come back later!
Zonko grew up in a place that protected him from the kinds of oppression we know.
But that doesn't mean he was protected from the kinds of hurt that place could inflict.
He knows what Rock Bottom is.
And he kept going. He confronted his weakness and crawled his way out of that dark hole.
People who see themselves as their biggest antagonist won't
be able to get away with it. They'll be able to get away with it.
They'll be broken by something like this.
Zonko's still growing. But he's gonna grow to be something better than a genius.
He's gonna be strong.
Engine, come in.
What you need, girl?
Your current location would be nice.
At the infirmary. Outside of Zonko's room.
Perfect. Don't go in just yet.
We've got someone here who wants to apologize to him.
About their recent behavior.
Apparently, they've been acting up.
Right. So...
The thing is...
You got the wrong spell!
And the one you have isn't at all what you asked for!
We're sorry!
You care to expound on that?
You tell them everything right now!
So, remember last time?
You were going to Pinta and I gave you that one-hit protection spell?
That was fun, right?
And remember how I drew it to have the same effect on everyone?
That's how it was for everyone who took damage before the raiders showed up and dragged us into their mess.
Yo, for real? That is so sick!
I think I maybe...
Lift yours.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
What?
I was in the zone, and I was like, how funny would it be if the most serious guy had something weird?
And I might have goofed up the spell.
Sorry!
Okay, so you got distracted and gave Zonka something that, in your words, was weird?
Question is, what do you define as weird?
Zonka, could you...
pump your fist, please?
Sorry I messed up.
Yeah, that's a major goof.
Look, man, I get it.
Sorry, it's just...
No one has ever messed with me like that before.
Why are you laughing right now?
You could have died because I was being stupid.
What? Nah, I got hurt because of me, not anything you did.
Besides, spells are just there to pick up the slack, right?
And if I'm giving slack in a fight, then I've already lost.
So don't sweat it.
I lost, and that's all there is to it.
I was too weak to beat someone like him.
Yeah.
It's not anyone's fault.
So yeah, I appreciate the apology and all, but I never held anything against you.
Well, at the very least, let us cover your hospital.
I'd rather you didn't.
I gotta use my own strength if I'm gonna get stronger.
Don't think I won't.
Well, look at you grow.
Don't預 monetize if you received no money.
Write down what I said last week.
破
Alkis!
Looks like you got something to say to me.
because I'm sensing you didn't hear me.
I'm not so far gone that I blame my weakness on Remlin or anyone else.
Even if I go harder than I ever have and I still end up the one who's worse for wear.
Even if I'm the only one who got taken out.
Even if all I ended up being was dead weight.
I can handle anything, you hear me?
So long as I get stronger.
Just watch me.
I don't know why, but all the pity I felt for him is gone now.
I, a spherite, was the main reason he's in that bed.
But he wasn't blaming me or anyone.
Teaching by example, I guess.
I think there's a lot I can learn from this guy.
What'd you do to your face?!
Are you messing with me again, you dirtbag?!
Why do you always think that?
I just realized I'd misjudged you!
Screw you!
You think you can judge me at all?!
Guess your dumb head's still up in the...
Dumb sphere!
Yeah?!
Well, your stupid ground eyebrows look stupid!
Give me back those flowers I bought for you!
Best friends.
How's that gonna help me recover?!
Here's something to help you with your convalescence.
A lot of that's from Folo and Delman.
The rest of what's in there are charitable donations from everyone else.
Tell them I said thank you.
I really appreciate this.
Inch and Hand delivered me a Gitwo gift?
This is the best gift I've ever had.
It's the best day of any best day EVER!
Hmm.
Wow.
Oh, you'll love this, Master Trainer.
Apparently, Ruto wants to have the time of his life getting even.
Can you believe that greedy little brat?
Yeah, he keeps looking down on us.
I've told him about how we're fighting for our lives down here, and he doesn't think
anything of putting fun and revenge on the same pedestal.
Just like a thoughtless and selfish brat.
a thoughtless, insatiable punk.
Honestly, part of me
thinks it might have been better for him if he made it
across the border.
Yeah, well, we didn't, and now
we're here. And it wasn't a pleasant
journey to get here, either.
On the bright side,
we're still in the mix, despite the Raiders'
attempts.
Though the more I think about it, taking
us out seemed more like a bonus than
a plan.
But regardless, if picking fights with us
is just a side effect of their plans to take
down the Sphere, if they're gonna keep making
trash beasts, we're gonna keep getting into
scraps.
And given Ruto's lofty aspirations,
there's no guarantee he'll be
with us when we face them again.
Either way,
my plans are gonna stay the same.
I have to
get stronger.
If Ruto wants to try a bunch
of stuff before he gets his revenge, then I
save more power to him.
It doesn't matter to me one bit
how many new friends he makes while he's running with us
down here. But at
some point, he'll have to realize
he's forgetting something.
Oh, hell.
I'm gonna have to be the one to teach him all that
crap, aren't I?
Man's passed out.
What are you saying?
The experiment was a success.
Hmm?
That's what you call losing a batch of rookies
and a trash beast? Not to mention
the other Watchmen series entries?
Those are
acceptable byproducts.
The experiment was about seeing if one
could survive crossing the border.
We know that the cleaners made
it back alive, so there was
no problem at all.
I'll be.
I took you for a
different sort. Thought you were...
a man who wanted everything to go exactly
as planned. Making sure any potential
obstacles never quite made it beyond that.
There are things you can learn from obstacles
in the experiment as well.
Hmm.
So that's it. Everything's a
cog in the grand experiment.
The cleaners got their work cut out for them.
A trash beast suited for crossing the border
has already been prepared, though it'll need
to be modified before it's usable for us.
That is where our focus shall lie for the
foreseeable future. That is where our focus shall lie for the foreseeable future.
that is where our focus shall lie for the foreseeable future.
Foo won't be missed.
Nowaird, however, was a strong asset.
Yes.
She was.
A seed planted
in the past that blossomed beautifully.
She was an excellent warrior.
Now we're together too!
Congratulations.
The reward you requested for your promotion.
the reward you requested for your promotion.
Hot damn!
Been trying forever and day to hunt down this sucker.
Some kind of antique, maybe.
I'm looking forward to seeing your contributions
to the Raiders.
Budus,
Stop. Y'all are making me blush.
I'm truly honored and humbled.
It means the world to me to join the stars of the Raiders on the front lines.
So, boss, what's the first order you want to break in your new first stringer with?
The Chokers.
This experiment confirmed that the Chokers are made by a giver.
One with enough power to relay messages through most of the ground.
There's a good chance they possess a piece of the Watchmen series.
I hear what you're not saying.
Find the giver who's behind all the Chokers.
An engaging order if I ever heard one.
Though if your aim's to collect the Watchmen series, then why'd you let the boots get away?
Seems like a waste.
If the Cleaners have it.
I can trust they'll remain there.
As long as we know where they are, we can retrieve them at any time.
We are Raiders.
We'll search the farthest corners of the ground.
Find the Watchmen series.
And harness its incredible energy.
And then...
We set our sights on the Sphere.
We set our sights on the sphere.
CHAPTER 5
BEGIN
MAKE IT
HEAR
CHAPTER 5
BEGIN
MAKE IT
Thank you for watching!